hey guys welcome to my channel today
we're going to talk about slang terms
that you absolutely have to know
in 2020 in order to understand
tick talkers youtubers and other
cool people on this planet so if you're
interested
continue watching and listen carefully
[Music]
term number one is lit when something is
exciting
when you're really enjoying something
you can say lit
instead of saying this party is exciting
i love this party you can say this body
is lit
and it's gonna be lit this word is used
by
a lot of americans i use it all the time
when i think that something is cool
your hat with an american flag is lit
and you can kind of do this expression
that
emphasizes the coolness of an object the
next term
is goat and you might think me
but no goat is actually an acronym an
acronym means that you take
first letter of each word of a phrase
and the phrase is
greatest of all times g-o-a-t
goat again you can say marina
this video is goat that means marina
this video is the greatest of all times
and i won't be offended
beyonce is goat the next term is
snatched
again when something is cool especially
an outfit
her dress is snatched her beautiful
green um i don't even know how to call
it blouse
is snatched on fleek this term
is used in order to say that something
is
perfectly done something is perfectly
groomed so
you need to understand where this term
is coming from they used to be this
platform vine
where people would shoot small funny
videos and there was this girl who shoot
a video about
coloring her eyebrows and they were so
precisely done she said they were on
fleek and the video went viral and this
term
came into everyday english so now for
example if
your hair is very evenly groomed and if
your hair style is
beautifully executed you can say it's on
fleek
this is on fleek as the internet says
salty
of course you can say when some food has
a lot of salt you can say
it's salty if you want to sound cooler
you can use salty
in a different meaning when someone is
salty
it means he is sad about something or
she's sad about something
i am salty that i had to cancel my
trip to italy this summer that means i
am sad about canceling
my trip to italy this summer while her
language may be
salty it has great economy and pith fit
now this term is used in different
meanings in great britain and the usa
in great britain if someone is fit and
i've heard it for the first time i think
when i first came to the uk i've heard
somebody saying that
that guy is fit and i'm like maybe he
exercises a lot
but yeah fit means beautiful beautiful
complexion you know beautiful figure
it doesn't mean that you have to
exercise a lot in general if you just
look good
you can be called fit in great britain
in the us
people use the word fit in order to say
outfit but short version like for
example
your outfit was beautiful at the party
americans can also say your
fit was beautiful at the party dead
of course you know how to use this word
but there is also positive meaning to it
if you want to use it as a slang term
you can say that you're dead when
something is really really funny
that you've laughed all day for example
two days ago my husband dima and i
watched a movie called hangover and we
were laughing like crazy
if i want to use this term i can say we
were dead
because it was so funny by the way guys
if you're thinking what to watch on
quarantine
highly highly highly recommend hangover
a
really good movie good to be back in old
days when we were all allowed to
go outside and hang out with friends
fire
this germ is used a lot in america to
describe that something is outstanding
this party was fire this movie was
fire your vlogs are fire me
they're amazing loki loki is a term
that is used to describe something that
is happening in a
quiet way like a modest party or
something
i'm giving you an example for example
i'm throwing a birthday party for only
10 people
and i'm telling them guys i want to keep
it low-key
don't dress up don't bring any gifts
we'll just you know sit together
talk and i will prepare some ribs and
we'll we'll drink coca-cola and that's
it
let's keep it low-key that means nothing
extra ordinary is gonna happen
because a high-key birthday party is
when i
invite dancers i make fireworks i invite
hundreds of people this is a high key
birthday party
compared to a low-key birthday party
when we're just sitting and chatting
together
it's gonna be very low-key when someone
is shady
that means he is doing some sneaky
actions on the background
and you don't understand that person
thoroughly
somebody's offering you to rent a
five-bedroom penthouse in san francisco
and says
it's only one thousand dollars a month
and by the way a penthouse in san
francisco is around fifteen thousand
dollars a month you can totally say that
this deal
and this person is shady because you
know there is something going on it's
probably a scam
it's probably not true and you're gonna
pay your money and lose the deal there
is no penthouse
that costs 1 000 in san francisco that
sounds shady
savage we use this word to describe a
shocking event
or a careless attitude for example he
borrowed my car
drove it into a house uh completely
crashed it
and didn't even apologize savage like
this is shocking this is crazy
it's goddamn savage shook
that means you're shocked or incredibly
surprised
you know i'm actually going to italy in
june because they're opening their
borders
and you can say marina i'm shook really
that means you're surprised like really
is this happening fingers crossed
dude was shook talking about ethic slay
that term is used when you succeed or do
really well at something for example i
slayed this test
that means i did really well
on this test or you can say she slayed
that outfit that means she did
a great job matching her clothes
together and she looks amazing she's
slated
tomorrow this way
the second situation is when i'm asking
you guys how do i look
and you say marina you slay that means
marina you look amazing
you slay ashley all day and the last but
not
the least stan all of us remember that
song by eminem right
called stan about a fan who stalked him
who was following him everywhere
and basically that name became a noun
and when somebody's a stalker when
somebody is trying to follow you
everywhere
sends you weird emails that guy's a stan
so for example you can say that a guy
has been following his
stan also if somebody is a fan of
something i'm a fan of game of thrones
i can say i'm a game of thrones stan
which means i'm a great fan
which is not true because i haven't even
watched the game of thrones
relax that was it from you guys for
today thank you so much
for liking this video thank you so much
for commenting
below using one of the words that we've
learned today and thank you so much for
subscribing
to this channel and watching my every
single video
thank you and i will see you very soon
in my next vlogs
bye